<!-- DO NOT MODIFY (your modifications will be overwritten)
     This file is automatically (re-)generated by generate/markdown/loss-stories.ts. -->
	<!-- spell-checker: disable -->

### Participant 1
1. *Participant matched this with* **Broken Promise**
One time I was using a gps on my phone and instead of taking me to my destination, it ended up putting me in line at the US/Mexico border. The border guards were not happy with me.
2. I was a passenger in a car, and the driver was texting on their phone. They ended up crossing the lines in their lane and hitting a car. I had my seatbelt on and ended up with only minor injuries.
3. One time I went down a YouTube rabbit hole and stayed up way later than I should have. This caused me to sleep through my alarm and wake up late for a college class.


### Participant 2
1. Youtube deleted a video I uploaded, I still remember which one.
2. I dropped a camera in a poop filled porta-potty in Alaska and it was not recoverable.
3. *Participant matched this with* **Hacked Device**
My phone got stolen.


### Participant 3
1. My credit card was hacked and I had to get a new card.  I had to contact several vendors to ensure the charges were cleared, but it still impacted my credit score.
2. I feel some of my relationships have been impacted due to the amount of time my grandchildren spend online.  They are now not as willing to play outside or come to grandma&#39;s house because I do not allow them to spend as much time online as what they are used to.
3. I have lost a lot of time trying to figure out how to use the functions in my new car.  I also know that these high tech abilities ended up costing me more and there are many I do not even use because I don&#39;t know how.


### Participant 4
1. When my computer crashed and I didnt have any backups on any other hard drives so I lost all pictures and games that I had downloaded. Keep in mind that my internet speeds were pretty slow too so would take roughly the night to download a game.
2. *Participant matched this with* **Replaced Device/OS**
Phone stopped working so lost all sorts of information and stuff that was saved on there.
3. Game console stopped working so I had to take it apart to try and get things working again.


### Participant 5
1. Using a computer or phone as a source of engagement has caused me to drastically lower my desire to engage with schooling materials at various points through my life.
2. While many activities on a computer allow a person with ADHD to either focus on many things at the same time or hyperfocus depending on their moods, it has caused me detriment in my ability to focus on conversations quite often, with or without a computer or phone near me.
3. I have had Tinnitus in my ears from my teenaged years when I would listen to music far too loudly over earbuds and speakers.


### Participant 6
1. My credit card information was skimmed from a gas station card reader. I noticed very quickly but I was missing quite a bit of money for some time while I settled the issue with my bank.
2. I lost access to my Gmail account for a short time. My g-mail is connected to several accounts of mine as well as my cell phone. There was a huge risk of my personal information being lost.
3. *Participant matched this with* **Hacked Social, Hacked Passwords**
I once had my Facebook hacked. It was by someone I knew personally so they already had some of my personal information. Much of my private details were spread to friends and family through my account.


### Participant 7
1. Relationships with longtime friends and family changed greatly over what was pit out and said on social media. Since 2016, America has been a divided country. We all had loud opinions about the political races, and laws that were changing because of that. Then we fell upon the pandemic. COVID deniers came out and the ones who respected and feared the disease were angry at the denial. Many friendships have been left behind due to some egregious things being said to one another about these topics.
2. I have had my mother lose her mind and empathy during the QAnon phase. She believed democrats were sacrificing babies and killing kids underground. It drove her to insanity, literally. She had to have mental hospital stays during this time period. I lost my mom for a little bit to that illusion.
3. This one can actively be happening in my life. My children are on their tablets a lot. I notice I am losing time with them that could be spent together. I hope that I am putting in enough effort to have a close relationship with them as they grow in this modern world.


### Participant 8
1. When someone started a rumor about me online. This spread throughout the whole town and other towns in the neighboring area and it affected me mentally. People would spam my phone with messages, block me on social media, etc. I actually had to take a break from using my cellphone because it affected me so much!
2. *Participant matched this with* **Hacked Financial**
another technology related harm I experienced was my credit card getting hacked through an online shopping website. This website used my information and sold it so that my card got hacked. I had to get a new phone and card.
3. The third most harmful was when I accidentally posted something on my social media that I didn’t want posted. I didn’t realize it until hours later and it was very embarrassing.


### Participant 9
1. *Participant matched this with* **Hacked Device**
I had a computer stolen. It was super impactful because I had tons of data on the device that wasn’t backed up elsewhere
2. An external hard drive crashed. Like above I didn’t have other copies of the data I lost.
3. *Participant matched this with* **Replaced Device/OS**
I had photos stored on a cloud server and when I stopped using the service I didn’t transfer the data. Later when I went to try and find the data it was fairly devastating


### Participant 10
1. *Participant matched this with* **Broken Promise**
Trying to purchase something online a d the system kept blocking my purchase. I needed the item asap for an assignment and the issue was causing high stress.
2. *Participant matched this with* **Hacked Social, Hacked Passwords**
My social media account got hacked. I got the account back but I felt violated by that.
3. *Participant matched this with* **Broken Promise**
I tried to submit a video online and despite the process seemingly going well, my stress level were peaked bc I knew there could be a problem. There was a problem as expected causing a delay and high stress.


### Participant 11
1. *Participant matched this with* **Broken Promise**
Computer crashed with nothing backed up - lost all files, including lots of important work.
2. Cyberattack at work led to downtime and anxiety/fear among team
3. *Participant matched this with* **Broken Promise**
Downtime due to systems outage - unable for my team to complete necessary work


### Participant 12
1. I don&#39;t think I have experienced technology-related harm maybe other than bullying online.
2. I don&#39;t think I have experienced technology-related harm maybe other than bullying online.
3. I don&#39;t think I have experienced technology-related harm maybe other than bullying online.


### Participant 13
1. For two weeks the wifi in my apartment building didn’t work, so I couldn’t do homework, watch tv, or anything that required wifi.
2. My phone was dead when I needed a ride home.
3. I had lost power when I had to hand in a final paper.


### Participant 14
1. I got scammed on cashapp once which my my fault for not following my own intuition.  I needed the item and then sent the person money on cashapp and it turned out to be a scam.
2. I once had my ID stolen and someone opened accounts in my name, but used my email so I pretty easily reported that and it didn&#39;t turn into a big deal.  It made me anxious though because I&#39;ve had my ID stolen before and it was a much more traumatizing event before, but had nothing to do with technology.
3. I had a disagreement online that turned into threats and stalking and was very upsetting.  It resolved over a few days and seems to no longer be an issue.


### Participant 15
1. After graduating college at the end of 2020, I lost the ability to use a keyboard. During this time I was diagnosed with a pinched nerve in my neck. Perhaps this was from looking down while typing too much. To this day, I cannot use a keyboard again without experiencing nerve pain.
2. About half a year ago I got an overuse injury affecting the tendons in my hands from using my phone while working. I was delivering DoorDash and Uber Eats orders part-time. I believe this injury began when I was playing games on my phone. I have been going to therapy for an over use injury and have been recovering over the past few weeks.
3. As a teenager, I was skateboarding And broke my phone when I fell. This was rather expensive since it was a new Samsung Galaxy back then. Luckily I had insurance on it at the time that only costed a $150 deductible.


### Participant 16
1. I once left my ipod in a classroom.  It was worth 400 dollars and I has several thousand songs on it.  I need music to make me feel better.  This was a huge blow to my mental state at the time.
2. I once had my phone service stop working because of an outage.  I never realized how improtant it was for me to be able to connect with people.  I always call my girlfriend to pick her up and take her to work.  I wasn&#39;t able to do that.  I was devestated that I couldn&#39;t contact family members.
3. I once invested in a cryptocurrency called Luna.  It was one of the most stable crypto projects out there.  It tanked and the creators said they would do something to fix it.  I bought a bunch of this crypto thinking it would shoot back up when the problems were fixed.  The price just kept going down and the owners of this crypto went to jail.


### Participant 17
1. *Participant matched this with* **Hacked Financial, Hacked Passwords, Broken Promise**
Some lowlife stole my bank card information off of Amazon and bought items to be shipped to an address in New York.  This happened to me twice.  I no longer use Amazon.
2. I bought one item at Target, a place where I normally do not shop.  That was when their system got hacked and I had to get a new bank card.
3. Too much sitting in front of a desktop all day.  It has harmed my vision and my back and knees.


### Participant 18
1. I found out my husband was using technology to be unfaithful and unloyal to me on social media.
2. I found out that a loved one had passed away online before my family had the opportunity to tell me in person. It was very traumatic
3. I receive a lot of race and gender based hate through technology.  Sometimes I have to distance myself for self care purposes


### Participant 19
1. The first is that my sight is suffering to my constant viewing of the monitors of computer screen.I cannot see clearing with without my glasses on.
2. The second is a neck pain I am grappling with now for about 2 years now. I have been to hospitals and done so many physio exercises.
3. The last a waist pain which the the physio guys are attributing to long sitting behind the computer. So now I have to sit for sometime and get up and stroll and stretch for some 30 minutes to avoid feeling so much pain


### Participant 20
1. When Equifax &quot;&quot;lost&quot;&quot; personal information on tens of millions of people. I had to freeze all my credit, cancel and replace every card and still to this day, receive calls from scammer who clearly have my credit report.
2. *Participant matched this with* **Hacked Financial**
Having my credit card information stolen (unrelated to the previous example). Spending weeks working it out, &quot;&quot;bouncing&quot;&quot; payments, working out late fees, etc.
3. Having all my personal information collected, without my consent, by every company, organization and government bureaucracy.

