<!-- Automatically generated by loss-stories.ts. EXPECT MODIFICATIONS TO BE OVERWRITTEN. -->
# Loss Stories

### Participant 1
1. I have been harassed online for being transgender

2. Constant exposure to news media has driven me to episodes of depression multiple times

3. I lose time with friends due to their and my online media consumption habits

### Participant 2
1. Last year, I updated my iPhone without backing it up first. I had never had an issue before and didn&#39;t think anything of it that time. I ended up getting locked out of my phone and using losing years worth or photos and videos of my family / kids. I was very upset about this and there was nothing that I could do to get this information back. My cell phone provider was able to get me logged back into my phone after a few hours. Needless to say, I have never made that mistake again.

2. Several years ago I lost everything on my work computer due to it being old and crashing. I was a teacher at the time and lost a lot of students information, answer keys to tests, tests already prepared and other learning materials that I needed for lessons. I had to use my personal computer to redo test materials and lesson plans while I waited for a replacement.

3. Just recently my living room tv went out. While is wasn&#39;t incredibly devastating, I still had to spend money on getting a new one, because the part that needed replacing on the broken was wasn&#39;t worth spending the money to fix. I ended up losing login information, which as you can imagine is a hassle setting up on a new tv.

### Participant 3
1. When I was in middle school I was cyber bullied through kik messenger and harassed by a person creating multiple accounts.

2. I was groomed as a young child by adults on kik, Facebook messenger, and websites like Omegle.

3. A old friend left negative and harassing comments under my posts on instagram

### Participant 4
1. I had a situation where my computer updated and something went wrong and it wiped my drive clean and I was unable to retrieve my files.

2. I had a USB drive with lots of important documents for school and I lost it and had to start over.

3. I lost a camera that had many pictures of a recent trip I took to a place that I would likely never visit again

### Participant 5
1. had sensitive information leaked online

2. was scammed over the internet

3. was hurt by and lost friends i met through the internet

### Participant 6
1. The most harmful technology-related harm I’ve experienced was being relentlessly bullied for years by my boyfriend’s ex. She spent all of her time rallying people against me and harassing me anonymously even though we only met once. It took me a long time to stop caring about it and start ignoring her messages.

2. The second most harmful technology related hard I experienced was losing my friend group during an argument. We had a disagreement about something stupid that I can’t even remember and for a few weeks they all stopped talking to me and talked about me behind my back.

3. The third most harmful technology related harm I had experienced was being harassed by girls from my high school on Facebook. They would post pictures of me and fake messages from me to make me look bad to our mutual friends

### Participant 7
1. Self checkouts had 10% of the thrift store have to be laid off. i was one of them, as one of the senior employees who had high pay

2. I lost a lot of money on crypto that i can&#39;t tell anyone about. they still think i have a savings

3. Car crash killed a friend of mine.

### Participant 8
1. Credit card stolen, I had little cash and was late on my bills.

2. Phone died when alarm was set. Slept through work.

3. My attention span is significantly worse.

### Participant 9
1. Lagging ness in apps or games, it looks horrible, slows you down and sometimes loses where you in the app or game.

2. When the app can&#39;t function so my phone says, so and so isn&#39;t responding do you want to close it.

3. When it does something you didn&#39;t want it to.

### Participant 10
1. As I began undergrad, my Dell laptop died and was unusable. I began undergrad in 2017, so it was very technology centric at that time, and needed to spend hundred&#39;s of dollars to get a new one.

2. When studying for my graduate degree, we lost an entire presentation that we spent the semester working on. Suddenly, no one had access to the presentation and we had to redo it all.

3. Having my phone break was extremely inconvenient, as iPhones cost a large amount of money.

### Participant 11
1. When I was working on an essay on microsoft word, my computer crashed, which resulted in me losing hours of progress.

2. When I was purchasing an item on amazon, I was unable to checkout, resulting in me pressing the button multiple times. When I checked again, there were multiple purchases on my account, but I was able to cancel them.

3. There was a power outage in my neighborhood for about twenty minutes that resulted in me being unable to open the garage door.

### Participant 12
1. I lost my bank information and someone changed the password.

2. I got harassed by random people on the internet for sharing a certain view point.

3. Spam callers have got my information from off the internet and constantly call me.

### Participant 13
1. In the past, I had a former romantic partner login to one of my social media accounts to cause personal harm to myself.  She did this by deleting all my pictures, and she also posted to others as it was myself doing the typing.

2. I&#39;ve had passwords stolen via connections I&#39;ve had on the internet.  Although I noticed due two two step verification processes, I still had to change all my passwords.  Also, I was still worried about what else the person could get into.

3. I&#39;ve forgotten a seed phrase for a crypto wallet I once had.  For security concerns, I kept the password on a thumb drive in my personal possession.  My kid borrowed my thumb drive and erased everything on it including my seed phrase.

### Participant 14
1. My identities and passwords were stolen.  This caused me great harm and cost me money due to them having my bank account information.

2. My login for my work account was hacked.  I spent the next two days resetting everything.  I lost a lot of backups of non replaceable material.

3. The updates that were scheduled for my system completely wiped my harddrive.  This was a loss of picture and document memories.

### Participant 15
1. The worst harmful technology-related harm I&#39;ve experienced was probably a time where I was frequently active on social media for a fandom and was involved with a group on twitter who shared the same interest. We would often produce fanworks together and one time a mutual on the platform published something that recieved a lot of backlash and gotten extremely high views and reposts. This ended up affecting the entire friend group including myself as we received harmful reposts and replies for an entire week to the point where some friends had to delete their accounts.

2. The second most harmful experience due to technology was when my sleep schedule ended up extremely abnormal due to an addiction to a video game I had. I would set timers throughout the day to login for rewards and it was really negative on my health since it disrupted my sleep cycles severely.

3. The third most harmful technology related experience was when I was working on a presentation for school on my laptop which for some reason when I uploaded the file for submission in my class&#39; website, the file contents weren&#39;t showing up. This caused me a lot of distress since i ended up having to redo the file and had to submit the assignment past the due date.

### Participant 16
1. The more harmful loss experience due to faulty technology was during winter when the power went out and the travel on the roadway was too treacherous to venture outside.

2. The second-most harmful was losing satellite service while using GPS when driving in another State.

3. The third-most harmful was losing my PC to the blue screen of death.

### Participant 17
1. I have lost countless hours of my life using my phone to addictively scroll through the internet or play games.

2. I lost over a thousand dollars because of a business venture where I was scammed into purchasing computers that were not in the advertised condition.

3. I lost around a hundred dollars buying stocks during the gamestop craze.

### Participant 18
1. Loss of my personal information via hacks or information phishing by the dark web.

2. Losing my phone and not knowing who could be accessing my private and personal information stored in the phone.

3. Someone I thought I could trust accessing my phone and looking at my private information.

### Participant 19
1. For many years I used an external har-drive to keep all of my files. Pictures, videos, movies, personal files, music etc. We were sold the bill of goods that digital is forever and I believed that what I was doing was preserving my memories in the best way possible. But then the day came when that harddrive never booted up again, it was corrupted. And I lost all everything including my faith in the systems.

2. Loss of time. Many of these technologies we have implemented ofver the past, say decasde, are supposed to be time saving. But the reality is that it takes more time to figure and implement the constant changing and evolution of it all. Take the telephone for instance. 20 years ago you had a phone number for a person, you called it, and talked about something. Today a phone number may or may not exist. It may be a landline in use only to get a billing bundle and not in actual use by the household. Some cell phone users only text, no talking on the phone. There are too many different messaging services and you must figure out which one to use for each person you need to contact. Overall not time saving at all.

3. The right to be nobody is extremely hard to follow through with. The recording and archiving of everything that happens in the modern world leads to destruction of people&#39;s autonomony.

### Participant 20
1. We have this software we normally use at work to coordinate our daily activities. So i  did just that and from nowhere, all data entered for that day disappeared and could not be traced. Luckily, i had a hard copy i wrote down before doing the entries.

2. I once used this BP apparatus and it was just too tight which is very bad.

3. An aircooler is sometimes that harmful because whenever i use it, i tend to feel sick.
